The chapters in "The Rust Programming Language" book are:

1. Getting Started: This chapter explains how to install Rust, how to write a "Hello, world!" program, and how to use Cargo, Rust's package manager and build tool.
2. Programming a Guessing Game: This chapter is a hands-on introduction to writing a program in Rust.
3. Common Programming Concepts: This chapter covers Rust features that are similar to those of other programming languages.
4. Understanding Ownership: This chapter is about Rust’s ownership system.
5. Using Structs to Structure Related Data: This chapter discusses structs and methods.
6. Enums and Pattern Matching: This chapter covers enums, match expressions, and the if let control flow construct.
7. Managing Growing Projects with Packages, Crates, and Modules: This chapter is about Rust’s module system and privacy rules.
8. Common Collections: This chapter discusses some common collection data structures.
9. Error Handling: This chapter explores Rust’s error-handling philosophy and techniques.
10. Generics, Traits, and Lifetimes: This chapter digs into these topics which give you the power to define code that applies to multiple types.
11. Testing: This chapter is all about testing.
12. An Implementation of a Subset of Functionality from the Grep Command Line Tool: A project chapter where a command line tool is built.
13. Closures and Iterators: This chapter explores features of Rust that come from functional programming languages.
14. More on Cargo and Best Practices for Sharing Your Libraries: This chapter examines Cargo in more depth.
15. Smart Pointers and Traits: This chapter discusses smart pointers that the standard library provides and the traits that enable their functionality.
16. Different Models of Concurrent Programming: This chapter discusses how Rust helps you to program in multiple threads fearlessly.
17. Comparison of Rust Idioms to Object-Oriented Programming Principles: This chapter looks at how Rust idioms compare to object-oriented programming principles.
18. A Reference on Patterns and Pattern Matching: This chapter is a reference on patterns and pattern matching.
19. Advanced Topics: This chapter contains a smorgasbord of advanced topics of interest.
20. Implementing a Low-Level Multithreaded Web Server: This is a project chapter where a web server is implemented.